Fix create table if not exists when indexes already exist (#6249)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/installation/upgrade_422.rst

#############################
Upgrading from 4.2.1 to 4.2.2
#############################

Please refer to the upgrade instructions corresponding to your installation method.

- :ref:`Composer Installation App Starter Upgrading <app-starter-upgrading>`
- :ref:`Composer Installation Adding CodeIgniter4 to an Existing Project Upgrading <adding-codeigniter4-upgrading>`
- :ref:`Manual Installation Upgrading <installing-manual-upgrading>`

.. contents::
    :local:
    :depth: 2

Mandatory File Changes
**********************

Breaking Changes
****************

- The method ``Forge::createTable()`` no longer executes a ``CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS``. If table is not found in ``$db->tableExists($table)`` then ``CREATE TABLE`` is executed.

> - The method signature of ``Forge::_createTable()`` is deprecated. The ``bool``  ``$ifNotExists`` is no longer used and will be removed in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The second parameter ``$ifNotExists`` of ``Forge::_createTable()`` is deprecated. It is no longer used and will be removed in a future release.
```
